			       IT'S HERE! 
		  The Official Pong Kombat 2 FAQ  Ver. 1.2
		Written by Ryan Sadwick
      
 Based on the original Pong Kombat by Gagne Software, used with permission.

This guide covers most of the questions we were asked.  So read on...


	
			* SECRETS GALORE *

6.  Special Moves for the Regular Paddles
	
	D = down, U = up, F = forward, B = back
	x(number) = hit the key that number of times.  Ex. button 1 x3  = 
	hit button 1 three times.

Aqua Paddle   
Aqua Freeze:  F, F, B, button 2  
Ice Pick:  F, U, U, button 1                            
Dismantle:  F, F, D, button 2, D  (Freezes opponent then rams them with her 
                                   head)
Ending:  Killed White Paddle only to marry her lover, Shifter

Monolith
Star:  D, F, B, button 2 x2  
Wooden Stars:  F, D, F, button 2                                                        
Dismantle:  B, B, U, D, button 1  (Mashes on adversary)
Ending:  Very pissed off because White Paddle replaced him, he successfully
electrocutes White.  Now he vows to return the world to it's natural form.

Green Paddle
Arrow:  D, U, D, button 1
Flame Arrow:  F, F, F, button 2		          
Dismantle:  U, D, U, Button 2  (Shoots 3 arrows and they stick in adversary)
*nudeality* -  F, D, B, U, U, U, U, D, B, F  (Flashes opponent)
Ending:  An assassin at heart,  she beats the crap out of White Paddle, again.
She makes him her captive to return the world back, then pushes him into her
acid pit.

Cyber Paddle
Laser Hot Spikes:  B, button 2, F, button 1             
Laser:  D, D, button 2
Dismantle:  F, B, B, button 2, D  (Takes out a clamp and smashes opponent)
Ending:  In his past, White Paddle and Shifter destroyed his family and 
made his homeland home to twisters.  He beats the living paddle guts out 
of both and returns home.

Bloodstone
Spinning Blood Stone:  F, F, button 1 x3	
3 Blood Stones:  U, U, D, D, button 2 x2
Dismantle:  U, U, U, button 2, button 1, U  (Takes off enemy's head)
Ending:  Once the Pong Lao Cult leader, White Paddle kicks his butt of the
throne.  Bloodstone gets his revenge and kills White Paddle.  He leaves the
circuits for personal reasons.

Rock Paddle
Boulder:  D, D, U, B, button 2		
Pebble Spread:  B, B, U, B, button 1          
Dismantle:  D, D, B, D, U, button 1  (Throws out a boulder and it goes 
				   through the opponent) *Make sure you aim the fireballs.  If
			                 they don't hit, no dismantle  
Ending:  Rock Paddle, Lord Of The Wasteland takes over the meet.  He then
turns the world into one big wasteland! (not that it is already)

Spike Paddle
Spiked Ball:  F, B, F, B, button 2				
Spikes:  button 2 x5			            
Dismantle: B, B, D, U, button 1  (Rams into opponent several times)
Ending:  Spike Paddle rampages through the meet and sends White Paddle to is
demise.  He plans to take over the world!

Shifter
Sword:  B, B, F, button 1
Saber:  F, F, F, button 1 x2	                             
Dismantle:  D, F, F, B, button 2  (Stabs adversary with fencing saber and 
				           pulls it out...)
*Spam Lite-ality:  Get a Flawless Victory with SHIFTER.  Press button 1 three 
times and press up.
Ending:  The only reason Shifter turned against White Paddle was for the love
for Aqua Paddle, they rules as king and Queen and eat Spam the rest of there
lives.

Magma Paddle 
Fireball (s) 
	1:  B, F, button 1 		                
	2:  B, B, button 1 
	3:  B, B, F, F, button 2
Dismantle:  D, D, D, B, U  (Shoots two fireballs.  When they hit, enemy 
			    crumbles.)  *Make sure you aim the fireballs.  If
			    they don't hit, no dismantle
Ending:  No one knew is true identify, he quickly takes control.  Defeating
White, he reveals his true form, the Rainbow Paddle.

7.  SECRETS
			
	GAME OVER KODE

	Game Over screen code:  The code for the game over screen 
is:  1  3  7  0  5  2.  This will access Art Paddle and you will fight 
against him.  This is the only code for the game over screen.  If you do 
defeat Art Paddle, you get to play as him!  Only a few have survived.  
Art Paddle is actually Arturo's paddle.  Art is short for Arturo.  It is sort of like a continue code.

			VS. Screen Lockout Kodes
	PURPLE PADDLE (playable):             5 2 2 2 2 2 5
	BLUE PADDLE (playable):                    1 5 5 5 5 5 1
	WHITE PADDLE (playable):                  1 5 1 5 1 5 1
	CIGARETTE PADDLE (playable):       7 1 1 1 0 6 2
	ACID PADDLE (playable):	       2 5 2 5 0 7 5
	10 BALLS:			       1 0 1 0 1 0 1
	DENNIS RODMAN TOASY:                7 1 2 3 2 3 3
	CREDIT SCREEN:                                 5 5 1 1 0 0 7
	CAST OF SECRET PADDLES:             7 7 5 7 1 0 7 

			After beating White Paddle

	After you annihilate White Paddle and we congratulate you, randomly
incomplete sentences put up.  (Sometimes they don't at all)  Here are what
they mean:
	"SHIFTER IS THE KEY" - Shifter is the best one to pick if you want
			           to be the best.  He is the best one to use
			           to defeat White Paddle.
	"SECRET PADDLES ARE PLAYABLE" - This one really sticks out.  You
				              can pick all the secret paddles, 
					        even bosses.
	"Who is Plaid Paddle?" - A question that deserves an answer.  Plaid
				       Paddle leaks in the game.  Hit forward
					 and button 1 when Ryan yells "No Guy."  If
					 you defeat Plaid, he'll become your slave.
	"Flawless On White Paddle?$!" - If you do get a flawless on White
						  paddle, you will get a special 
						  ending.  Very special...
	"U+B2=WACKY" - This means 'up plus button 2 equal access to Wacky 
			   Paddle' when you press this when Arturo goes out and
			   screams "Wacky Paddle"  If you manage to defeat Wacky,
			   he'll cherish you forever.
	"Purple Paddle Transformations" - This means at the VS. screen, you
						    can turn into one of the best
						    secret paddles, Purple.  His
						    code is 5 2 2 2 2 2 5.  Sometimes
						    if you use "random select"  You 
						    can get Purple Paddle, but it's
						    very rare.
	"Cigarette Paddle" - Hard to believe, but there is a Cigarette Paddle.
				   You can gain control over him if you enter this
				   code on the VS. screen:  7 1 1 1 0 6 2.

	*If you do by chance beat our score,(1510173007) you'll be rewarded 
         by access to the debug menu. 

	Easter Eggs

	At the first title screen where Gagne Software is and the warning 
signs, double click on the left or right mouse button.  This will change 
the color of text. 
			

8. Secret Paddles

	There are a total of 12 secret paddles (including bosses) and all 
of them are playable.  
There are two other paddles not shown on this screen.  They can be accessed 
from the debug menu, under "Super Secret Paddles."  None of these paddles
have dismantles.

	Plaid Paddle:  When Ryan Sadwick comes out and yells "No Guy,"
hit Right + Button 1.  Plaid Paddle is good.  He would be easy if it was not
for those dreaded balls.  If you defeat Plaid, you get to play as him. 
"No Guy" evolved from when we thought of something so outrageous, we'd 
say at the same time:  "No Guy!"
	
	Wacky Paddle:  When Arturo Aquino comes out and yells "Wacky Paddle,"
hit Up + Button 2. Wacky is wacky.  Destroy Wacky Paddle, you will get to
control him.
	
	Awesome Paddle:  When both Ryan and Art come out hit, Button 1 +
Button 2.  Awesome Paddle takes up the whole screen, never missing a ball.
Kill him and you'll get the debug menu.


	To access the secret paddle selection screen type this in at the 
start & options screen:  RYANART
	
	This is the maker's of this game names.  "Ryan Sadwick & Arturo 
Aquino."  When you key that in, you get the "Secret Paddle Selection Screen."  
On this screen you can even pick White Paddle who is on the platform.
Clockwise:
White Paddle, Acid Paddle, Chief Paddle, Blue Paddle, Red Paddle, Plaid Paddle,
Wacky Paddle, Cigarette Paddle, Awesome Paddle, Purple Paddle. 
*None of these paddles have dismantles.
	
	D = down, U = up, F = forward, B = back
x(number) = hit the key that number of times.  Ex. button 1 x3  = 
hit button 1 three times.


White Paddle
Specials:  3 fireballs:  button 1
	     6 fireballs:  button 2
Ending:  As cool as he is, White takes over the world and destroys it.  His
actions killed that "something" just what his plan was...

Purple Paddle
Specials:  Spinning razor:  U, U, U, button 1
Ending:  Not know as being a secret paddle, he surpasses White Paddle and 
butchers him to death.  Then he turns into a playable paddle for the next
tourney.

Acid Paddle
Specials:  Acid Spit:  F, F, button 2
Ending:  Made of Acid, she melts her way through the meet only to dissolve 
White with her acid spit!

Blue Paddle
Specials:  Blue Aura Ball:  button 1 x4
Ending:  Not known as a secret paddle, he surprises everyone, even you.
He strangles White Paddle and becomes the greatest secret paddle in history.

Chief Paddle
Specials:   3 fireballs:  button 1
	      6 fireballs:  button 2
Ending:  As stubborn as Chief may be, he is smart enough to kill his own
master.  He reins supreme!	

Plaid Paddle
Specials:  Plaid Shovel:  B, B, D, button 2
Ending:  Thought to be just a rumor, he hears about this and joins the swap
meet.  He bashes White in with his shovels and turns the world into plaid.

Wacky Paddle
Specials:  Claw:  D, F, button 1
Ending:  Insane as he his, he finds out White was going to enslave his race.
He goes psycho kills him.  He got so crazy, he accidentally exterminated his
race and himself, never knowing his true identity.

Cigarette Paddle
Specials:  Smoke:  F, F, F, button 2
Ending:  White Paddle never knew Brendon Mullis (paddle designer) would make 
such as thing.  White Paddle smokes him up and kills himself.  Cigarette
Paddle buys all the Cigarette companies and puts in White Paddle's ashes
instead of dangerous chemicals.

Awesome Paddle
Specials:  Stone Ninja Stars:  B, D, B, button 2
Ending:  Big and bad as he his, Awesome Paddle kills White Paddle easily.
He plans to marry Chief Paddle.

Red Paddle
Specials:  Shadow:  D, U, button 1 x2
Being deformed in Pong Kombat 1, he returns secretly.  He goes crazy and
kills every paddle, even White Paddle.


9. Rankings

	Here is where you find out what your favorite paddle or secret 
paddle ranks.  All the secret paddles have the advantage of normal paddles.

	Regular Paddles:
9.    Rock Paddle - Slowest paddle, lots of disadvantages against fast 
                    paddles.  Good use of special moves will get you some 
		        where.

8.    Bloodstone - Slow, special weapon is fast, but controlling Bloodstone 
                   is sticky.

7.    Cyber Paddle - Medium paced speed, nice weapons

6.    Aqua Paddle - Fast paddle, can freeze opponent and mash them with her
                    other special.

5.    Green Paddle - Fast, slick, beautiful, and weapons are quite fast.

4.    Magma Paddle - Slow but with 3 fireballs, you're sure to kick some 
                     paddle butt.

3.    Monolith - Fast moving, hits ball accurately, fast star like in PK1 
                 but not as fast.  Favorite pick of Ryan's.

2.    Spike Paddle - Best all around.  If you are new at this game, he's 
                     the one to pick.  Good speed, great weapon use.

1.    Shifter - Best paddle period.  Fast moving with fast weapons.  Nice
		weapon range too.
	
	Secret Paddles
    These were hard to decide since all the secret paddles are good.
     10.  Acid Paddle
	9.  Blue Paddle- If you shoot is weapon and it hits the other SIDE
			 the CPU will lose lives!
	8.  Red Paddle
	7.  Cigarette Paddle
	6.  Wacky Paddle
	5.  Plaid Paddle
	4.  Chief Paddle
	3.  Awesome Paddle
	2.  Purple Paddle
	1.  White Paddle

10.  Beating the paddles and secret paddles.

	To be a good PK player, it involves practice.  To be a great PK 
warrior, it involves hours of play.  *We made this game and played it over
and over and over, checking for errors and other bugs.  That's how we got
to be the best!
	First we recommend you pick Spike Paddle or use random select so
you can get use to every paddle.  It is possible to beat the game with 
every paddle.  We've done it, so can you.
	
	*Rules for dismantling the CPU*

1.  Always hit the ball.  Who gives a hoot if you get nail a few times with
specials. (except if you are fighting secret paddles or bosses)  

2.  Use a variety of specials.  All paddles have two weapons, 3 in Magma's 
case.  Aim at your adversary, don't just shoot blindly!

3.  When against the CPU, use a move we call a slide hit.  This is when the
ball is coming at and your paddle is at the top or bottom of the screen.  
Then go down or up to it and nail it and keep going.  Usually the CPU will
miss.

4.  With slower paddles, keep in the middle and shoot weapons in rapid 
succession.  Use slide hits.

5.  Train your eyes to focus the ball(s) and keep aiming and firing 
without looking at the keyboard or joystick.

	*Advice to annihilate the bosses*

1.  Chief Paddle.  Despite his large size, he's fast.  Remember that there
are four balls to keep track of, so use a lot of slide hits.  When he
fires his round of fireballs, get down to corner or the top where Chief
can hit you.  When he has missed, fire!

2.  White Paddle.  The best of the best, or is he...?  He is fast and
he can shoot 3 to 6 quite large fireballs and they take away a good amount
of life support.  There is only one ball, so keep your eye on hit. His
weapons are TOO big and your special will not do much.  He DOES miss.  If
you notice sometimes when you dodge and go up or down, he'll nail you.  
So try staying in the middle.  With patients, he'll lose and your the 
WINNER!

	*Murdering secret paddles*

	All the secret paddles are relatively hard the kill, but there are 
ways to defeat them all.

	Wacky, Plaid, Art Paddle-  Focus on the balls and avoid getting 
nailed by his specials.  Dodge them and if you find a space, aim and fire 
your specials.  You must wait for an opening (when they're not firing) 
then begin shooting.

	Awesome Paddle-  Hit the ball, I know he'll hit back, but don't miss! 
He may be huge, but if you shoot out your weapons, you'll almost always hit
Awesome.  Keep doing that while dodging his weapons.  He mainly shoots in 
the middle, but the intelligence can change and he'll shoot at the top or
bottom, sometimes both.

	*Wisdom for playing against a real intelligent life form (Player 2)*

	Two player matches can go on forever. Slidehits can work and confuse 
your friend but it is best to shoot a weapons and aim for the ball.  
Especially if the ball is going straight, aim for the ball.  (Shifter is 
the best to use for this)  Now your opponent has a choice:  Get nailed, but 
hit the ball resulting in a "Force Hit," or missing the ball 
completely, but not getting nailed by the special.  We have found if you 
miss the ball, just to shoot a special moves, the chances are you'll lose.
Keep track of the ball nad know where it is.
	 
11.  SUPER SECRET PADDLES

	These paddles can only be accessed by the debug menu.  They even have
very interesting endings too.

Art Paddle-  Can be fought with the code in the
game over lock out code (137052) then if you beat him, you'll control him.
	Shadow: Button 1  (rapidly)
	Ending:  Find out yourself...

	Ryan Paddle- Mix of every element known to paddle life.  Can kill
any paddle in 1 hit. He was used to test the game and we 
kept him in for your enjoyment.  He is by the far the best paddle in PK 
history.
  	Fireball: Button 1 (rapidly)
	Ending:  Find out yourself...

To get the debug menu at anytime:  At the title screen, double click on the
"right" mouse button in the "middle" of the "P" in Pong.

		
	
	

	




















